Hey everyone, welcome to church.
We are so glad you are with us.
We are in our series encounters with Jesus as we're diving in to the book of Mark.
And we have our former senior pastor, Bob Merritt here for today's message.
And spring is just around the corner.
Okay, I'm not even wearing a coat.
It's glorious, but hockey season's still in full swing.
So before we turn the corner on winter, we have one more thing we want to do.
Yeah.
Hey, can you keep it down?
I'm trying to catch a fish in here.
Good grief.
Jeez.
Sorry, Bob.
Come on.
Hey, what's up, everybody?
Welcome to Eagle Brook.
We're so glad you're here with us wherever you might be.
Join us online or right here in the room.
here in Minnesota, we never know.
When is the winter going to end?
I'm praying, I'm hoping that we're going to turn a corner soon.
But the weather is always changing.
But what doesn't change is God's character and God's love for us.
And that's why we worship.
That's why we're here.
And that's what we're going to do right now.
We're going to worship together.
So I want to invite all of you to stand as I hand it off to Aaron and the band.
And there's not going to be any swinging of the dreads this morning.
But Aaron, take it away, man.
Hands up in the skies Reach down and rescue me And I have known the love of the Father's heart A prodigal now redeemed from where I was
Oh, I can't help but lift up Shouts of joy When I think about good you've had Faithful nights
For the blood he spilled to save my life The debt I could not repay For the cross you bore with open arms Salvation that calls my name
I can't help but dance cause I'm free.
I got no chains on me.
I'm healing redeemed.
Oh, I can't help but call on the day that buried my share who opened my grave.
Oh, I can't help but dance cause I'm free.
I got no chains on me.
I'm healing redeemed.
Oh, I
Were creation suddenly articulate With a thousand tongs to lift one cry Then from north to south and east to west We'd hear Christ be magnified
The name would burst from sea in the sky From rivers to the mountain tops We'd hear cries be magnified
Christ be magnified Let His presence rise Christ be magnified in me Oh, Christ be magnified From the altar of my life Christ be magnified
When every creature finds its impossible And every human heart is made of Christ Or that it won't enraptured Him of praise
less of me.
I won't bow to idols, I'll stand strong and worship you.
If it puts me in the fire, I'll rejoice because you're there too.
It's your resurrection life
Better than I ever consider Your forgiveness Heals the depths of my being
This is where I find exceptions No exceptions Undeniably free After all I've seen It's all clear to me
I know
And I'll just drive your perfection in your presence.
I have all that I need.
You sit with me at all of my questions.
And you listen.
Hold your patient with me.
Without the love of Jesus, I don't know what I could be.
Oh, well, the grace occurs on my day.
I could never mess
Sing that one more time.
After all I've seen, it's so clear to me.
Without the love of Jesus, I don't know what I would be.
Overwhelming grace covers all my days.
The perfect love of Jesus is in me.
Let's pray together.
Jesus each and every one of us has a different story than the person we're sitting next to.
We've all walked a different journey and experienced different things, different struggles, different celebrations.
But Jesus, no matter what, you meet us here in this moment.
No matter what we're going through, you offer us a place to belong.
Your arms are wide open, just waiting for us to put our hope in you.
And it's that exact moment when we experience your peace and your presence.
and a love that is undeniable and that we can't find anywhere else.
So thank you, Jesus, for the privilege of a relationship with you.
For this time where we can sing and focus on you, give us, give you 100% of our attention.
God, I just pray that you help us to lean into the truth of who you are.
And remember that we are loved by you.
We lived up this time to you in your mighty name, Jesus.
Amen.
Hey, it was so good to sing with you.
Go ahead and grab a seat.
Hey everyone and welcome to Eagle Brook Online.
My name is Jeff Dodge.
I'm the online campus pastor and today I have a few things that I want to make you aware of.
The first is that at Eagle Brook, we're grateful to support our ministry partners who are faithfully serving and making a difference in the local communities and around the world.
Eagle Brook as a whole has organizations that we support and then each of our campuses have a partner
that they've chosen as well.
And for us online, that partner is Convoy of Hope.
They do some amazing things that I just simply find it difficult to wrap my head around.
They respond to natural disasters with semi-trucks full of necessary support for communities that have been impacted.
They partner with local churches and give them the resources so that when the disaster is over, the church is the hero so that they might ultimately
come to know Jesus.
They also have initiatives that help empower women, strengthen families, feed the hungry, and are combating the root causes of poverty.
A couple of years ago I was able to visit their headquarters and as we were driving up their driveway, a convoy of semi-trucks full of food, water, hygiene kits, and essentials were leaving because just before we got there a massive tornado had devastated a community of
a few states away.
I got to see their world map of global disasters that they were responding to in real time, and it felt a little bit like being an Avenger, but I love that we get to partner with these organizations that are making a tangible difference in the world.
When you give to Eaglebrook, you help support these incredible partners.
Through your generosity, families find stability, lives are being transformed, churches are being strengthened, and the gospel continues.
To learn more about our ministry partners or to give, visit eaglebrookchurch.com slash difference.
Also, I wanted to let you know that next weekend, we have an online experience called Next.
Now, we've talked about this in the past, but essentially it's a chance for you to assess where you're at in your faith and find practical ways for you to grow in your relationship with God.
We meet over Zoom and we hear from Jason and some of our other pastors, and then we have a chance to discuss.
It's a chance for myself and our online team to get to know you, your story, and give personal ways for you to strengthen your faith.
We'd love to see you there on March 8th, which is next Sunday at 1pm Central Standard Time.
To get the link and the rest of the details, head to eaglebrookchurch.com slash next.
In just a minute, we're going to hear a message from our former senior pastor, Bob Merritt.
He was senior pastor of Eagle Brook for 29 years, retired in 2020, and we're always honored and excited to have him back to teach.
Take a look.
you
Well, welcome.
Oh, wow.
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
Thanks so much.
That's OK.
Thank you.
Thanks.
I'm glad you're excited.
I'm actually terrified.
Honestly, I've never gotten used to this moment, but thank you for that.
I'm honored.
I'm humbled by it.
Some of you wanted to stand.
Thank you for that, the one person that did.
Thanks for that.
No, honestly.
Hey, six years ago today, six years ago today, I stepped down from leading this amazing church, and it was the honor of my life to lead.
And I am just so grateful for our church.
I'm so grateful for all of you who showed up today here at Lionel and one of our campuses we're watching online.
That says something about who you are.
It's about your character, about your faith.
I'm so proud of you for doing that.
So grateful for our staff, second to none in the nation.
I've been around a bit and I'll tell you what, our staff and our volunteers, the best.
And I wanna tell you that I love our senior pastor, Jason Strand.
He is teaching and leading at a very high level.
And I can tell you, this is not easy and I'm just so grateful for him.
But whenever I meet somebody while traveling around town, people ask how I'm doing.
You know what I'm up to, usual stuff.
But what they really wanna know is how's my dog?
That's all I wanna know, how's Blue?
Some guy at O'Hare Airport was staring at me recently and he finally came over and he said, do you have a dog named Blue?
No hello, no how's it going, all he cared about was the dog.
I was with longtime staff member Don Graff, a good friend of mine at MSP Airport recently when a mom and daughter sat down across from us, kinda looking us over and finally she said, are you Bob?
And then she said, after we chatted a bit, how's Blue?
I mean, not how are the kids, not how are the grandkids?
Get care less about that.
Just how's the dog?
So Blue's fine, getting old like me.
We both sin still way too much.
He ran off just this fall for five hours, just doing his thing, just disappears and three miles away, somebody calls and says, hey, do you have a dog?
Yeah.
ran over to give him, but every night, every night, he grabs a boot from the mudroom to sleep with.
And all is forgiven.
Sometimes he grabs two boots.
Sometimes it's a three-boot night.
We have no idea why he does this, but every single night, he'll grab one of my boots and sleep with it.
So enough about the dog.
I just had to...
When I was a boy, we lived in Jolie at Illinois.
Hmm.
And our backyard bumped up to a yard that was surrounded by these tall, thick bushes.
And this backyard behind us was like a fortress.
And during the five years we lived there, we never once met or even got a look at the people who lived on the other side of those bushes.
The old man's name, they were Greek.
His name was Mr. Angelopoulos.
And all we kids could ever see of this mysterious man
was the top of his straw hat over these bushes, his cigar smoke, and an occasional garden rake that he would just whack on top of the bushes whenever we kids got too close just to scare us away.
He got a little jumpy.
Whenever we'd shoot our BB guns or build a little fire under his bushes or snap off one of his branches.
And whenever one of our baseballs or soccer balls sailed over his bushes, forget it.
He would never throw it back.
We'd lost dozens of balls during those five years.
But it's still there.
But instead of walking around to his front door and asking for our balls back like normal people would do, we would stick a firecracker to crabapple, toss it over and just run like idiots.
He would yell some Greek cuss words at us.
And not once did we or he come around those bushes to speak to each other.
He was probably a very colorful man with a great Greek wife, but we were a mystery to each other.
I so love this series that we're in encounters with Jesus because when a person encounters Jesus, they have a chance to start a new life.
They have a chance to find peace and joy that nothing in this world can satisfy.
They have a chance to get the emptiness in their soul filled by God's love and some of us so need that today.
Jesus said, look, the reason I came to earth was to seek and to save those who feel lost.
And I've been lost.
It's a terrible feeling.
to not know where you are in the world.
And then he gave us, us, those of us who are believers in Christ followers, he gave us the same mission in Matthew 28.
He says, go now.
And you all make followers and disciples of everyone else, of all nations, teaching them to obey everything I've commanded.
We take that mission very seriously.
because helping people encounter Jesus, gang, is the greatest cause on earth.
And I have no doubt our church will continue to do that.
I have no doubt that we will continue to add campuses, trained leaders, recruit volunteers, and keep producing weekend services that are so compelling that thousands more people will come to know and trust Jesus.
I'm not too concerned about all that.
What I'm concerned about is whether Bob Merritt will personally take some relational risks to point people to Jesus.
Because friends, there's a part of me that still sees people as these mysterious creatures on the other side of the bushes.
And though I don't toss firecrackers at people as much anymore.
My natural bent is to get so absorbed in my work, travel, and life that I never get around to walking around the bushes to try to build a relationship that could lead to a meaningful conversation about God and faith.
It really doesn't matter if we have a nice mission statement on the wall.
What really matters is am I personally?
Am I willing to pray for people?
to take some relational risks that point people to Jesus.
But I realize as soon as I say these words, there's some objections.
Like Bob, you don't know my neighbors.
They are off the charts weird.
I get it.
I have some of those neighbors.
Or my coworkers have no interest in God or faith.
Or my friends and I are so busy.
There's no time for these kinds of conversations.
Or Bob, I really do care.
But I never know what to say and it's just not my thing.
Plus, isn't it a little arrogant to imply that somebody else needs a relationship with Christ?
I mean, let people make their own decisions about God and faith.
I get it.
I have those same objections.
Well, Jesus in Mark four tells a parable that's kind of helped me get a handle on this.
And it's about a farmer who is sowing seeds
And in those days, they didn't have machinery to plant seeds in nice neat rows.
They had a bucket or a bag full of seeds and they would just dip in and scatter those seeds with their hands.
And this is what Jesus says about sowing seeds and having an impact.
He says, a farmer went out to sow his seed.
As he was scattering the seeds, some fell along the path and the birds came and ate it up.
Some fell on rocky places where it didn't have much soil.
It sprang up quickly, but the soil was shallow.
But when the sun came out, the plants were scorched and they withered because they had no root.
Other seed fell among thorns, which grew up and choked the plant so that they did not bear grain.
Still other seed fell on good soil.
And it came up, it grew and it produced a crop
multiplying 30, 60, even 100 times.
Now Jesus is talking about four types of soil, four types of people in this parable.
There's hard people, there's rocky kinds of people, thorny kinds of people, or soft-hearted kinds of people.
He says some people have hard soil.
They have a hard heart.
So the seed just bounces off them and getting some people are like this.
They're hard-hearted and there's nothing you can say or do to change them or affect them in any way.
Others have rocky soil where the seed sprouts up but soon it dies off because the soil is shallow.
They're just shallow.
They get excited but then the excitement wears off and they drop away.
Others have receptive soil
But their soil is so full of thorns and weeds that it chokes out the growth.
And Jesus says it this way, it gets choked out by three things.
By the worries of life.
Anybody worried?
I worry all the time.
The worries of life, the deception of wealth.
Nothing wrong with wealth, but we tend to think that wealth will fill our emptiness.
That's deception.
Wealth will not do that for you.
But we get choked out by worry's deception and the desire for other things.
And this can happen to anybody.
This can happen to me, happens all the time.
To get so consumed by worry's wealth and stuff that it crowds out spiritual growth.
But then he says, some seeds fall on good soil.
And it takes hold, and I love this word.
It produces a hundred times
More.
And I just wanna ask a question.
Is God's word producing something in your life?
Things like the fruit of the spirit.
Are things like love, joy, peace, growing in your soul.
Kindness, goodness, faithfulness, self-control.
Those are signals that God's work is taking hold and growing in your life.
Do you have care for people who are far from you?
See, growing people are productive people.
And his point is there's nothing you or I can do about the condition of somebody's heart.
All we can control really is the sowing.
is the tossing of seeds.
Only God can soften somebody's heart.
Our job is to keep tossing seeds.
And when seed falls on good soil, it can grow into something.
That's just amazing.
Question, what does sowing seeds look like?
I think it looks a lot like love.
In fact, in 1 Corinthians 13, Paul gives a definition of love.
He says, love,
is patient, love is kind.
By the way, these are behavior words.
Love is primarily a behavior, not a feeling.
So love is patient.
I have never once felt like being patient.
I struggle being kind.
This is a choice, this is a behavior.
Love is patient.
Love keeps no record of wrongs.
In other words, love is forgiving.
That's a choice, that's a behavior.
So sowing seeds is less about what we say and more about how we love.
Gang, at some point we have to stop throwing firecrackers and start tossing seeds of patience, kindness, and forgiveness.
Because if we do that, people will encounter Jesus in us.
And some of them will come to faith.
My problem is I'd rather throw firecrackers at people who anger and offend me.
And I am easily offended.
I'm offended all the time.
So this is something that I have to work on every single day.
My wife and I used to vacation in Palm Springs and there's a very private golf course called Stone Eagle that I absolutely obsessed
obsessed over wanting to play this course.
I would get glimpses of it from a hiking trail that was across the canyon, and it was so amazing.
But it was simply out of reach.
But then, Lola and Bev Rieks, in whose home we used to stay out there, wonderful people, said, Bob, do you want to play Stone Eagle sometime?
We have a friend who belongs there, and I'm like,
Are you, I mean, are you kidding me?
Yes.
When can we tomorrow?
Okay.
So we showed up.
Lowell and I showed up and he put me in his trucking friends cart.
Kelly, Kelly Cadwaller.
I always struggle with his name.
Kelly Cadwaller, who's the member out there.
And right out of the gate, I knew this was going to be interesting.
I heard more cuss words.
than normal words, all before the first tee.
But I was on Stone Eagle and Kelly paid, so cuss away, I'm good.
About the eighth hole, about the eighth hole, Kelly asked me what I did for a living.
I said, didn't Lowell tell you?
He said, what, are you in trucking?
I said, I like trucks.
I thought if I tell this guy, he'll never invite me back.
I can't take that chance.
On the 12th hole.
He said, you still haven't told me what to do.
When I finally told him I was a pastor, he almost drove the cart off a cliff.
I'm not kidding.
He said, you're a priest.
I think he actually said, you're a bleeping priest.
I said, yeah, kind of.
But the following year, Kelly invited us again.
And the year after that, Kelly paid and custom off we'd go.
And at the first, at first, all I cared about was the golf.
But along the way, something unexpected happened.
I began caring for him.
He'd gone through some hell scares.
He lost a son in a tragic death.
Every now and then he'd text me and say, hey, I'm going through a rough patch.
Could you put in a good word with the big guy upstairs?
And I'm like, yeah.
Well this summer, Kelly texted me again.
And he said he's gonna be in town, Twin Cities.
And asked me if I'd joined him and his son and grandson for golf and still water.
I hadn't seen him in three years.
But driving over to the golf course, I had this unshakable prompting from God to talk to Kelly today about matters of faith.
And that if I really loved him, I would have a conversation with him.
about Jesus and his need for forgiveness.
And I was so convicted by this that when I got to the golf course, I gave Kelly a hug.
I said, Kelly, after our round today, I wanna talk to you about your faith.
I said, I don't wanna get to heaven someday and have God chase me down and say, Merritt, I put this guy in your car eight times.
And you never once said anything about his need.
to be saved and forgiven.
So Kelly, I wanna avoid that situation with God.
I said, today is the day, you good?
He said, good.
He paid in custom, off we went.
After the round, after the round, we went into the clubhouse for drinks and Kelly sat down right across from me.
I said, Kelly, I'm gonna walk you through a few verses.
I'm gonna explain to you how you can know God, how you can be forgiven of sins.
and how you can have the promise of eternal life when you die someday.
You okay with that?
He said, yep.
So I took him to Romans 3, 23, 6, 23, 10, 9 and 10.
Jason covered this couple of weekends to go fantastic message, go back and look at it.
But Romans 3, 23, I said, Kelly, the Bible says, all of us have sinned.
I've sinned, you sinned, especially you.
We've all sinned.
And fallen short.
of God's standard, so none of us are clear.
But Romans 6.23 says this, there's a penalty for sin.
And the penalty for sin is death.
So we are all going to die a physical death.
That is the result of sin.
But this also means there's a spiritual death that hangs in the balance that's gonna happen for some people who are not in Christ.
The penalty for sin is death.
The free gift of God is eternal life through faith in Jesus Christ.
Now why did God send his son to die on our behalf?
Because only God, only the perfect Lamb of God, Jesus, could pay for the debt of sin that this world has.
So John 3.16 says, God so loved our world.
God so loves every single one of us.
God so loves us that he gave his son up, sent his son to the sorry planet that whoever, and I love this word, whoever believes in him, Jesus.
This word doesn't mean, hey, there's a guy upstairs.
Doesn't mean there's a big guy upstairs.
Doesn't mean, oh yeah, I believe God exists.
That's not what he's talking about.
I believe there's a supreme being, no.
What this word means is I am placing my trust in Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior, my full belief that he died and paid for my sins and I will follow him from this day forward.
Those who believe that way will have eternal life.
And then finally, Romans 10, 9, I said, Kelly, if you believe this, if you want this,
If you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord, you will be saved.
I said, Kelly, can I lead you in a prayer right here at this table?
You can receive forgiveness, peace, eternal life when you die.
He said, yes.
I like, are you kidding me?
And if you knew him, you said, yes.
I said, okay, this is how this is gonna work.
I said, I'm gonna lead you in a prayer.
I'm gonna say a couple of little phrase, and then I want you to repeat that.
I'll say something like, dear Jesus, and then you say, dear Jesus, because I want you to pray this prayer.
But only pray it if you're sincere.
So dear Jesus, dear Jesus, thank you for loving me.
Thank you for loving me.
Thank you for coming to this earth to die and pay for my sins.
Right now, I put my full faith in you Jesus as my Lord and Savior.
Thank you for saving me.
I looked up after that prayer.
Kelly's eyes were soft and moist.
I reached across the table to shake his hand and he held my hand and I'll never forget as long as I live what he said.
He said, why did you wait so long?
Why did you wait so long?
The Bible says, I don't know, I was just afraid.
But I said, look, the Bible says this is just the beginning.
This is just the start.
The Bible says you've been born again.
We all were born as physically into this world.
But the Bible says there needs to be a second birth, a spiritual birth.
So you're just, right now, you're just a baby Christian.
You've been born again, you're a baby Christian.
And as a baby Christian, you need to be fed every single day, just like a little infant you need to be cared for, you need to grow up.
You're gonna make messes every single day.
And so how do you do that?
The first thing Kelly, right now, I'm telling you right now, you gotta go to church.
Every single weekend you've gotta find a good church or watch a good church online.
I have one in mind, you can watch us on, and he does.
Second, you gotta read the Bible.
You gotta read God's love letter to you.
You gotta find out what God is saying to you every single day.
If you wait for a whole week to crack open God's word, you're gonna starve to death, and you're gonna make a mess of your life.
And then you gotta pray.
Those are just basics.
No excuses, Kelly.
Not in this world.
You gotta get online.
You gotta dial in.
A couple weeks later, Kelly sent me a picture of him and his wife.
They were in the lobby of our
Lionel Lake's campus church.
I just, dang, there is nothing on the planet.
Nothing better than sowing a seed that changes somebody's life.
And as I thought about how I would kind of end this deal, I have six observations about what sowing seeds of love looks like.
And I know six sounds a lot, but you know me, I'll land this jet, hang with me.
Six observations about how to love people this way.
Number one, love has a speed, and it's slow.
Love listens, love takes time.
It's hard to love people when you're in a hurry.
I'm always in a hurry, but I've noticed Jesus was never in a hurry, saying love has a speed, it takes time, and it's almost never convenient.
to show love towards someone.
Second observation, love puts a higher value on a person's eternity than our fear.
At some point I have to push aside fear and I have to realize I might be this person's best shot at heaven.
That if I don't say or do something, there's a chance this person will spend eternity separated from God in heaven.
If I really believe that God sent his son Jesus to die for our sins, and I absolutely do.
If I really believe there's a heaven for those who trust Jesus and a hell for those who don't, and I absolutely do.
If I really believe that Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life, and that nobody gets to heaven except through faith in him, and I absolutely do, then will I love this person enough
to deal with my fear and try to point them to Jesus.
I'm embarrassed by this, but the reason I waited so long with Kelly is I was just afraid.
And I cared more about that than his eternity.
Third observation, those who have God's love, give God's love.
John 419 says, we love.
We can extend love because he loved us first.
We extend God's love to others because he first loved us.
We can be kind, patient, and forgiving because God was kind and patient, forgiving to us.
Did God love us because we were lovable?
No.
We were completely unlovable.
Romans 5-8, God showed his love for us in that while we were still sinners, still rebelling, still against him, in that while we were still sinners, Christ loved us.
Jesus didn't love and die for us because we were good.
He loved and died for us because we were bad.
And I'll just confess, there's a lot of people who I don't like because they're not good.
There's a lot of people who are abusive, they're dishonest, they're vile.
Truth is, I don't have to like someone in order to be loving to earth.
Aren't you glad you don't have to like everybody?
This guy over here liked that a little bit too much.
Like is a feeling.
I'm pretty sure Jesus didn't like the Pharisees, but he extended love toward them.
I can show love towards someone who is unlikeable because God loved me first.
God was kind, God was patient, God was forgiving toward me when I was unlikeable.
In fact, I think extending love towards someone who's completely unlikeable is the purest sign that I have God's love inside me because those who have God's love are able to give God's love, not perfectly.
I fail at this every day, but God is working on me.
Third observation, love always embraces truth.
Sowing seeds of love towards somebody doesn't mean you agree with their lifestyle, doesn't mean you agree with their beliefs.
John 1.14 says, he, Jesus, came full of love and truth.
Not one or the other.
but 100% of both.
And because God is 100% love and 100% truth, he hates certain things.
Psalm 457, God loves righteousness, but God hates wickedness.
Because God loves righteousness, he hates things like rape, child abuse, killing the unborn,
because God loves righteousness and hates wickedness, he hates dishonesty and fraud and lawlessness because of what those things do to people.
Psalm 97.10 goes on to say, and those who love the Lord, those who have God's spirit within them, also hate what is evil, not the people themselves, but they hate the evil deeds.
Friends, I can tell you, when you begin to hate what's evil,
That's a good thing.
That's a sign that God's love is inside you.
It's why some of us throw things at the TV every night because of what evil does to children and marriages, families and schools.
Sewing seeds of kindness and love doesn't mean we ignore the truth.
Love always embraces the truth.
Not my truth, not my version of truth, not your version of truth.
Here some people say, well, that's just your truth.
Bologna.
It is my version of truth, but it needs to line up with God's word.
Jesus said, I am the way, I am the truth.
There is a truth.
There is truth and it doesn't change.
Not my version of truth, not your version of truth.
There is a truth.
Jesus said, I am the way, I am the truth.
If you live by this truth, it'll lead to life and it'll set you free.
Number four, five, what are we?
Five, love compels me to prepare.
Love compels me to prepare.
I have Romans 3, 23, 6, 23, 10, 9 and 10 memorized because if I don't have those verses locked in, I'll be unprepared.
1 Peter 3, 15, always be prepared.
Always be prepared to talk about your faith and then pray.
Pray for opportunities to sow a seed.
That's a dangerous prayer.
I dare you to pray it.
Because God, He'll take you up on it.
One of the prayers, my daily prayers of late is this prayer right here.
God, help me today to see what you see.
to feel what you feel, to love what you love.
Help me to see what you see, feel what you feel.
That simple prayer gets me in the right mindset for the day to see what Jesus sees, to feel what he feels, love like he loves.
Question, is there someone you know who God might want you to see?
or care for, or extend love towards someone in your classroom, I'll guarantee there's someone there.
Maybe a boardroom, yoga class, golf cart.
Most of us will never walk someone through Romans 323, 623, 109 and 10, that's okay.
But, gang, what if we just cracked open the door to the possibility of sowing a seed and see what God does?
Maybe for you, it's simply saying, hey, there's a new series coming up and you can text your friend at our church.
I'd love for you to come.
I'll meet you at the door.
Or maybe for you, it's, you know, I've never told you what's most important to me.
You know, we love golf and we love all this.
We love to hunt together.
But you know what's most important to me?
Would it be okay if I told you that someday?
I think we would be shocked at how many of our friends are just waiting for us to ask them that question.
Finally, number six, love responds to Holy Spirit nudges.
That day with Kelly, I had an unmistakable nudge from God and that doesn't always happen.
But if you sense a nudge in your spirit or a prompting from God, you're not sure what it is, but you sense something, don't ignore that.
Make a bold move and respond, and God will show up.
Five weeks ago, I was hunting pheasants near Huron, South Dakota, and I walked over to the Breakfast Buffet in the Super 8 Hotel.
and there was nothing super about it.
But my friend Scott Wesh and I sat down and in walked a 24 year old kid who was completely alone.
So I asked him if he was traveling and he was on his way from the oil tracks in North Dakota to visit his mom and his sister in Oklahoma City.
And I felt that nudge.
God help me to see what you see.
Help me to feel what you feel.
Help me to love like you love.
And so I followed.
I said, hey, what's your name?
I said, my name is Lanson.
He did four years in the military, his exact words.
I'm just trying to figure life out.
Nice kid, respectful.
I said, Lanson, you don't know me, but would you mind if I just prayed for you?
He said, well, I'm not very religious.
I said, I'm not either, so we're good.
And I'm not.
I said, I just believe there's a God who loves you and wants to have a relationship with you.
And so I pushed a chair out for him.
He sat down, I put my hand on his shoulder, and I said, God, thanks for Lansing here.
It's not an accident that we met this morning, I believe.
I said, God, would you let him know in a tangible way today that you love him, that you're with him?
Protect him as he travels and give him a good time with his mom and sister, amen.
I said, Lance, and you're from Oklahoma City.
He said, yeah, I said, I said, there's a great church in Oklahoma City called Life Church.
He said, yeah, I think I've heard of it.
And we talked a little bit about that.
I said,
Why don't you get online, just listen to Craig Groeschel, a friend of mine, great pastor, just see what he says.
What if, what if God had me at the Super 8 hotel in here on South Dakota that morning, just to sow a seed with a kid who God loves and wants to rescue from sin and fear?
and death.
And what if someday this skinny kid from Oklahoma who's a little lost starts listening to Craig Groeschel at Life Church?
And he finds Jesus.
And then what if someday he chases me down in heaven and says, do you remember when you prayed for me
at the Super 8 Hotel in Huron, South Dakota.
I'm just crazy enough to think that could happen.
And I'm praying it does.
Love has a speed.
Love puts a higher value on a person's eternity than our fear.
Those who have God's love, give God's love.
Love always embraces the truth.
Love compels me to prepare.
And love responds to Holy Spirit.
Nudges.
I wanna challenge you this week to begin your day with this simple prayer.
God help me today to see what you see.
Help me to feel what you feel.
Help me love like you love.
And I understand that some of you came to church today hoping that you would be seen, that someone would care about you, that someone would extend love to you.
And I want you to know you can have that.
You can begin experiencing that in so much more, but it begins by putting your faith, your full belief in Jesus to fill you with His love, to fill that emptiness that you long for to belong, to be seen.
So let me pray as we close our time.
Maybe this is your Kelly moment.
Lord Jesus, thank you for being here and thank you for everyone who made an effort to get to church today.
It says something.
It says something about who they are.
Right now, Father, I think there are some here, other campuses watching online who wanna pray that prayer.
And so I'm gonna lead you.
You can pray this prayer just quietly in your heart.
Dear Jesus, thank you for loving me.
Thank you for coming to this earth, to die a cruel death, to pay the penalty for my sin, and giving me assurance through your resurrection that if I put my faith in you, someday when I die, physically I will also rise again.
So right now, right here, I'm asking you to forgive me of my sin.
Put a new love and a new joy and a new peace
Inside my soul, right now I become a Christian, a follower of you, Jesus.
I pray this in Jesus' name.
Amen.
I love you all.
Thanks for having me.
God bless you.